Mention inline modules cannot export things (#33968)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/modules/index.md

</script>
```

> You can only use `import` and `export` statements inside modules, not regular scripts, so the place where you eventually connect your modules to the HTML page (adding event listeners, changing DOM, etc.) needs to be a module too (the "entry-point module"). If you omit the `type="module"`, Firefox for example gives you an error of "SyntaxError: import declarations may only appear at top level of a module".

Reviewer: > You can only use `import` and `export` statements inside modules, not regular scripts

This makes sense to me, though I'm not sure if I understand what follows. Is this what you are saying:

```suggestion
You can only use `import` and `export` statements inside modules, so if your `<script>` element's `src` links to a file that uses these keywords, the `<script>` element must also include a `type="module"` attribute. If you omit the `type="module"`, Firefox, for example, gives you an error of "SyntaxError: import declarations may only appear at top level of a module".
```

The text of that error message makes me doubt I understand, so let me know! Thanks

Author: Yeah, that's basically what I'm saying. What I'm saying is if you want to import other modules than you yourself have to be a module too. This applies to inline modules too, so not exactly "`src` links to a file that uses these keywords".

Reviewer: Gotcha. I was initially confused so I like your the wording in your latest reply. Here's a suggestion:

```suggestion
If your `<script>` element is missing a `type="module"` attribute and imports other modules, an error will be thrown. For example, in Firefox:

    ```html example-bad
    <script>
    import _ from "lodash"; // SyntaxError: import declarations may only appear at top level of a module
    // ...
    </script>
    <script src="a-module-using-import-statements.js"></script> <!-- SyntaxError: import declarations may only appear at top level of a module -->
    ```
```

(Note: I had to preface that example with 4 spaces so GH didn't parse it as nested code)

---

If you prefer your original wording I am all for it; I'm easily confused so it's probably a me problem :)

Author: > (Note: I had to preface that example with 4 spaces so GH didn't parse it as nested code)

FYI: you can either use four backticks for your `suggestion`, or you can use `~~~` instead of `` ``` ``.

Author: ````suggestion
You can only use `import` and `export` statements inside modules, not regular scripts. An error will be thrown if your `<script>` element doesn't have the `type="module"` attribute and attempts to import other modules. For example:

```html example-bad
<script>
  import _ from "lodash"; // SyntaxError: import declarations may only appear at top level of a module
// ...
</script>
<script src="a-module-using-import-statements.js"></script>
<!-- SyntaxError: import declarations may only appear at top level of a module -->
```
````

Reviewer: I don't have the permissions to approve your suggestion but I would recommend using it. Thanks!

> You should generally define all your modules in separate files. Modules declared inline in HTML can only import other modules, but anything they export will not be accessible by other modules (because they don't have a URL).

Reviewer: I love this paragraph. It's exactly what I was hoping to find when I first read the page.
